feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-validator/69e75dc335b6ec9903a87d3e.md

---
id: 69e75dc335b6ec9903a87d3e
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

You can also use `.replace()` to remove unwanted characters. For example, removing dashes from a phone number:

```py
phone = '456-147'
clean = phone.replace('-', '')
print(clean)  # Output: 456147
```

> Create a variable `phone` and assign it `'123-456-7890'`. Then create `phone_clean` by replacing `'-'` with `''`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a variable `phone` and assign it `'123-456-7890'`. Then replace `-` with an empty string and assign the result to a variable named `phone_clean`.
```

> Then, print `phone` with the prefix `'Phone with dashes: '`. Also, print `phone_clean` with the prefix `'Phone without dashes: '`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, print the result of concatenating the string `Phone with dashes: ` and the `phone` variable. Also, print the result of concatenating the string `Phone without dashes: ` and the `phone_clean` variable.
```

# --hints--

You should create a variable named `phone`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable('phone')`)) })
```

You should assign `'123-456-7890'` to `phone`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`
node = _Node(_code).find_variable('phone')
not node.is_empty() and node.is_equivalent("phone = '123-456-7890'")
`)) })
```

You should create a variable named `phone_clean`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable('phone_clean')`)) })
```

> You should use `.replace('-', '')` on `phone` to assign `phone_clean` a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `.replace('-', '')` on `phone` and assign the result to the `phone_clean` variable.
```

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`
node = _Node(_code).find_variable('phone_clean')

> not node.is_empty() and node.is_equivalent("phone_clean = phone.replace('-', '')")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Node(_code).find_variable('phone_clean').is_equivalent("phone_clean = phone.replace('-', '')")
```

`)) })
```

> You should print `phone` with the prefix `'Phone with dashes: '`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the result of concatenating the string `Phone with dashes: ` and the `phone` variable .
```

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_call("print('Phone with dashes: ' + phone)")`)) })
```

> You should print `phone_clean` with the prefix `'Phone without dashes: '`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the result of concatenating the string `Phone without dashes: ` and the `phone_clean` variable.
```

---
id: 69e75dc335b6ec9903a87d3e
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

You can also use `.replace()` to remove unwanted characters. For example, removing dashes from a phone number:

```py
phone = '456-147'
clean = phone.replace('-', '')
print(clean)  # Output: 456147
```

Create a variable `phone` and assign it `'123-456-7890'`. Then create `phone_clean` by replacing `'-'` with `''`.

Then, print the `phone` variable with the prefix `'Phone with dashes: '`. 

> Also, print the `phone_clean` variable with the prefix `'Phone without dashes: '`.

Reviewer 2: Line 20 has a trailing space, and the two halves of one paragraph are split across lines.

```suggestion
Then, print `phone` with the prefix `'Phone with dashes: '`. Also, print `phone_clean` with the prefix `'Phone without dashes: '`.
```

---
id: 69e75dc335b6ec9903a87d3e
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

You can also use `.replace()` to remove unwanted characters. For example, removing dashes from a phone number:

```py
phone = '456-147'
clean = phone.replace('-', '')
print(clean)  # Output: 456147
```

> Create a variable `phone` and assign it `123-456-7890`. Then replace `-` with an empty string and assign the result to a variable named `phone_clean`.

Reviewer 2: "named" (see step 7), plus "the string" before the value. Step 1 says "assign it the string `alice.johnson@company.com`" and steps 7 and 10 say "the string" too, so steps 14, 15 and 17 are the outliers in presenting a bare value.

```suggestion
Create a variable named `phone` and assign it the string `123-456-7890`. Then replace `-` with an empty string and assign the result to a variable named `phone_clean`.
```
